[all_devices]
sp1 ansible_host=n9kv-spine1.example.com
sp2 ansible_host=n9kv-spine2.example.com
lf1 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf1.example.com
lf2 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf2.example.com
lf3 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf3.example.com
lf4 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf4.example.com
ha ansible_host=n9kv-hosta.example.com
hb ansible_host=n9kv-hostb.example.com
hc ansible_host=n9kv-hostc.example.com
hd ansible_host=n9kv-hostd.example.com

[vxlan_devices]
sp1 ansible_host=n9kv-spine1.example.com
sp2 ansible_host=n9kv-spine2.example.com
lf1 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf1.example.com
lf2 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf2.example.com
lf3 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf3.example.com
lf4 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf4.example.com

[spine]
sp1 ansible_host=n9kv-spine1.example.com
sp2 ansible_host=n9kv-spine2.example.com

[leafs]
lf1 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf1.example.com
lf2 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf2.example.com
lf3 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf3.example.com
lf4 ansible_host=n9kv-leaf4.example.com

[hosts]
ha ansible_host=n9kv-hosta.example.com
hb ansible_host=n9kv-hostb.example.com
hc ansible_host=n9kv-hostc.example.com
hd ansible_host=n9kv-hostd.example.com

